Added azure stack version info (#5175)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/whats-new-overview.md

This page highlights new features and upcoming changes for the Azure CLI.

## Important notice for Azure Stack customers

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **Do not upgrade Azure CLI beyond version 2.66.x** if you're using **Azure Stack**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **If you're using **Azure Stack Hub**, do not upgrade Azure CLI beyond version 2.66.x** .
```

> Starting with **Azure CLI 2.73.0**, Azure Stack profiles are deprecated and no longer supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with **Azure CLI 2.73.0**, Azure profiles are deprecated and no longer supported:
```

- `2017-03-09-profile`
- `2018-03-01-hybrid`
- `2019-03-01-hybrid`
- `2020-09-01-hybrid`

> These profiles are required for Azure Stack compatibility. Newer versions of Azure CLI do **not**
> include them. To ensure compatibility with Azure Stack, use the **'latest'** profile or **Azure CLI
> version 2.66.x (LTS)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These profiles are required for Azure Stack Hub compatibility. Newer versions of Azure CLI do **not**
include them. To ensure compatibility with Azure Stack Hub, use **Azure CLI version 2.66.x (LTS)**.
```

If you upgrade to a newer version of Azure CLI, you must roll back to version **2.66.x** to restore

> Azure Stack Hub compatibility.

Reviewer 2: We should explicitly specify as 2.66.1 (LTS) instead of 2.66.x.

> Azure Stack compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Stack Hub compatibility.
```
